[#19] add 'remove_players' entrypoint (#21)
tqtezos/skill-game-escrow: docs/specification.md

(list %cancel_games nat)
```

## `remove_players`

> The Game Authority can call this entrypoint to remove a player from several ongoing game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Game Authority can call this entrypoint to remove a player from several ongoing games.
```

Any paid fees will be transferred back to the players.
The Fee Collector will not be paid.

* This entrypoint can only be called by the Game Authority. Fails with `NOT_GA` otherwise.

> * Fails with `GAME_PROGRESS` if any of the games has already finished, has been cancelled
>   or is still waiting for its first player to join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fails with `GAME_PROGRESS` if any of the games have already finished, have been cancelled
  or are still waiting for its first player to join.
```

> * Fails with `GAME_NOT_FOUND` if any of the Game IDs does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fails with `GAME_NOT_FOUND` if any of the Game IDs do not exist.
```
